docs: add docs & example for local model usage (#744)
Mirascope/mirascope: docs/learn/local_models.md

---
search:
  boost: 3
---

> # Local Models

Reviewer: I think we should title this "Open-Source Models" instead of local (since they can still be served in the cloud using e.g. vLLM). WDYT?

Author: ```suggestion
# Open-Source Models
```

> Many local model host (like [Ollama](https://github.com/ollama/ollama) & [vLLM](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm)) have compatibility to the OpenAI API.

Reviewer: nit: host -> hosts

Author: ```suggestion
Many local open-source model hosts (like [Ollama](https://github.com/ollama/ollama) & [vLLM](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm)) have compatibility to the OpenAI API.
```

> This allows you to use all of their features via the OpenAi integration, but not all OpenAi features are available.

Reviewer: nit: OpenAi -> OpenAI (two places)
